Project README

Status: Proof of Concept
Initial Milestone: Minimum Viable Product

Name: Idyuh

OxtNet Project Owner: Justin Jaehne/Richard Kellermeyer
Project Architect: Richard Kellermeyer
OxtNet Project Manager: Richard Kellermeyer

UI Team Project Owner:
UI Team Architect:
UI Team Project Manager:

Overview:
The Idyuh project aims to align, inventors, investors, specialists,
development firms, attorneys and other professionals or hobbyists to collaborate,
develop, market and share interests in individual entities or projects.

The platform will allow members the ability to select their role, select a plan,
and designate other members or groups to join them as specific expertise needs
are required by the project.

The members may choose to join as one or more of the previously mentioned roles.

Inventors and hobbyists are given the option to either pay, or join as a free
member. All other user roles are pay to be a member roles.

Obviously, the free members will have a very limited set of tools to use within
the application, and their projects have expiratory limitations and space
limitations.

All projects that are maintained within the Idyuh application, will be treated
with the same level of security regardless of project creator paying status.

As an inventor or hobbyist, I may create a project to manage myself. There is a
minimal set of requirements that must be met in order for my project to be
hosted by the Idyuh application, (See: Project Creation Requirements (WIP)) and there
is a project acceptance algorithm that determines if my project is eligible to
become a forward-facing project to the other roles present on the service
(See: Project Vetting Process (WIP)).

As a specialist, firm or attorney, I may choose to advertise my expertise fee,
offer pro bono services, or negotiate ownership in a project in exchange for
consultation. All accounts within this category are paying accounts that fit
the typical "Bronze, Gold, Platinum" hierarchy, and various service packages
and options can be added a la carte.

Despite the account/role(s) designation, as a member, there are certain attributes
that need to be collected by the service to be used for identification and service
integrity purposes.

All users will be required to provide as a minimum:
  1. A valid First Name, Last Name, Email and Username.
  2. A valid address for their account which includes at a minimum:
    a. One valid street address.
    b. One valid city.
    c. One valid state.
    d. One valid zipcode.
  3. A password for the account.
  4. 
